Gojo Dolls
August
August 18 Saturday 1m ago Marin Kitagawa Help me
What?!
Episode 12
My Dress-Up Darling
Thank you so much for teaching me how to do this, Gojo-kun.
No problem.
I wanted to confirm where the ribbons go, so it worked out.
But I'm sorry to hear you didn't get to go to the festival with your dad.
Well, he's not too sorry about it.
He's the one who canceled on me.
My homework? Nope, haven't done it yet.
I mean, I still have two weeks of summer vacay left.
What? No way! That's plenty of time!
What?! Wait, why aren't we going to the festival?! That makes no sense!
So yeah, that happened.
I told him it'd totally be fine, but he wouldn't believe me.
Ever since, he's been telling me to send him pictures as proof
and give daily updates.
Who asks for that?! Hardass!
I've got less than zero motivation. I haven't gone to a single festival this year.
Oh, yeah. Iwatsuki just had their fireworks festival yesterday.
What?! Why didn't you invite me?!
Come on!
Well, you couldn't go because of your homework, right?
I mean... I booked a bunch of jobs.
I totally forgot about my homework.
Oh, I've been meaning to ask... What is your part-time job, Kitagawa-san?
Oh... This.
K-Kitagawa-san?!
Kitagawa-san, you're in a magazine!
K-Kitagawa-san, are you a celebrity?!
I just model for magazines.
I'm an amateur model.
An amateur model?
An editor for that magazine was at the salon I usually go to,
and asked me if I was interested, so I gave it a shot.
I've just been doing more shoots than usual lately.
Wow...
You look very different than usual in this, Kitagawa-san.
Maybe 'cause I've got an actual makeup artist doing my face.
Why have you been doing more shoots lately?
Oh, that's because...
Sparkle, sparkle, sparkle, sparkle!
I want that DSLR camera.
Mama's gotta get that check.
Oh...
Kitagawa-san's seriously planning on buying one of those mega-expensive cameras...
Infinitive Verbs (1)
Infinitive Verbs (2) Gerund (1)
Ugh, let's take a break. Gojo-kun, wanna watch a movie?
On-Den: One Malicious Call
Bone-chilling Summer Horror Movie Feature Popular Horror Movies to Watch in Summer
See All Films >
42% Recommended For You
You like scary movies, Kitagawa-san?
I dunno if I actually "like" them, but part three of this movie's coming out soon,
so I wanna check it out and see why it's so popular.
Not to mention, it's summer.
I don't usually watch horror films...
How scary are these, exactly?
I mean, it's just a movie, so it can't be that scary.
No sweat!
What? A voicemail?
Who's it from?
Hello... Right now, I'm...
Right behind you...
Why is this happening to me?!
N-N-No, stop! Stop!
Wow, what an ending!
Yoshiko Amasawa
That was a great movie!
Uh, it was okay, I guess? It wasn't scary at all...
There's actually a scene I'd like to watch once more.
Do you mind if I rewind and watch it again?
Huh?! Why, though?!
On-Den: One Malicious Call
I think I might be able to learn from their costumes and SFX makeup.
Sparkle Sparkle Sparkle
I wonder how they made this fabric look so old.
Do you think they're using contacts?
I-It's probably CG... This... and this!
I can learn so much from all of this!
[1 point each]
Write words in the (       ) to match the Japanese meaning.
Okay, I just gotta take a picture of this and...
English is donezo!
God, that was rough. If I had any math to do, I would've died.
We do, though.
I already did the drills.
No way. I don't have any...
Plonk! And now, for our next question... D'oh...
Uh, I think...
I might've left them at school!
We got in trouble for not coming here in our uniforms.
I'm super sorry I made you come with me.
It's fine. It's on my way home, anyway.
I'm glad you found your math drills.
Yeah.
But seriously, the school looks hella creepy after watching that movie.
Not to mention our footsteps are echoing.
If we got here any later, we would've been doing a full-on test of courage.
Yikes... Yes.
Oh, I need to buy some things to make dinner.
I know. Would you like to join us for dinner?
Can I?
It's been way too long. I can't wait!
I'm pretty sure you've only been eating that fried rice of yours.
Whatcha makin' tonight?
I was thinking cold somen noodles with some shrimp, onion, and mitsuba kakiage.
F'real?! That sounds amazing!
You can even make kakiage? You've got mad skills, Gojo-kun.
Fried foods are way too high-level for me.
I don't have swimming class, so I've never gotten to go in.
It's so huge up close!
Won't we get in trouble for coming up here when we're not on the swim team?
I'm sure regular students are allowed up here.
It looks so nice and cool!
I'mma dip my foot in.
I really don't think you should!
No worries. It'll just be for a sec.
Kitagawa-san!
Dude, I seriously thought I was a goner just now.
You're telling me! Kitagawa-san, you can't swim?!
Nope, can't even float.
Didn't you say you went to the beach with your friends around the beginning of the month?
Did you actually have fun?
You mean 'cause I can't swim?
Er, yes.
Hm... I really don't mind.
I basically go to eat, chat, and take pics,
so it's plenty fun.
Oh, I see.
Y'know...
I love when I'm sitting on the sand, listening to the waves,
and watching the ocean get all sparkly from the sun reflecting off it.
So I always wanna go, even if I can't swim.
You think I'm a little nuts for loving the ocean so much when I can't swim?
What? Did I say something that hilarious?
No, no. I'm sorry.
It's not nuts at all.
Of course...
I feel the same.
Even though I can't paint their faces well yet...
I absolutely love hina dolls.
Yeah, exactly! That's what I mean.
I'm pretty sure everyone feels the same way.
Yes.
But if you drown, you'll die, so please try to avoid that...
I promise I'll be more careful.
Gojo-kun.
Yes?
I'm gonna try to find a festival that's still happening,
so if I do, wanna come with me?
Huh? What about your homework, though?
You've still got quite a bit to do.
Oh, right.
Uh... I'll finish the rest super fast!
Just help me with the parts I don't get!
Sure, of course.
August I'm actually doing math. Praise me?
Good job!
I'm glad to hear Marin-chan managed to finish all her homework.
Yeah.
Okay, I'll see you later.
Yup.
Watch out for cars.
Gojo Dolls
Have a great time!
There's so many people...
I had no idea it got this crowded.
I finished my homework!!!
Now we can go to the festival So Happy
Okay, wanna meet up at the shrine entrance at 6PM?
Sure Oh, man... I'm so friggin' excited!!!
I'm looking forward to it, too Shrine
Even meeting up right now might be difficult.
Shrine
I wonder if Kitagawa-san made it okay...
Yay, I found you!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
The crowds here are crazy, so I had a hard time getting through.
I-It's fine...
Hey, you're wearing your jinbei!
I knew it'd look great on you! Noice!
And K-Kitagawa-san, you're wearing a yukata...
Yup!
I went all out and had someone do my hair and get me into this yukata.
What's up?
Huh?!
Wait, lemme guess...
You're one of those guys who gets excited from seeing the nape of a girl's neck?
Yikes Wait, seriously?
U-Um... I-I wouldn't say... uh... Glance Blush
For real?!
For real? For real, for real, for real, for real, for real?!
W-Well, Japanese clothes are really nice.
Badump Badump Badump Badump Badump Badump
I'm so hyped right now!
I'm so glad I wore a yukata!
Beef Skewers Takoyaki
I'm deffo gonna be showing off the nape of my neck!
Wh-What time do the fireworks start?
Seven!
You were that excited about this?!
Specialty Candied Apples
They have candied apples, Gojo-kun!
I'm gonna dig right in.
That's great.
Ooh, okonomiyaki!
Huh?
Okonomiyaki Thanks!
This looks great, Kitagawa-san—
Gone Huh?!
Delicious Yakitori They have yakitori, too!
Step right up!
Right... I wonder how many I should get...
Th-This is, uh...
Grilled Squid Beef Steak Skewers Yum
Chicken Skin Gyoza Fried Chicken Okonomiyaki
Cotton Candy Chocolate Bananas Cotton Candy Shaved Ice
You bought so much...
I mean, that's pretty normal for two people, isn't it?
Let's go sit at the plaza and eat!
Thank you for waiting.
The fireworks show will start momentarily.
Shoot, let's hurry, Gojo-kun.
Right.
This is my first time coming down to the plaza to actually watch the fireworks.
Wow, really?
You've never gone to the fireworks festival at Iwatsuki?
That's sort of a waste when you live so close, isn't it?
I can smell the gunpowder and smoke...
People cheering...
Seeing them so up close...
The sound resonates through your whole body.
Last year, the year before, and even before that...
Every year, I'd be alone in my room...
Fireworks were just some loud, echoing noise I'd hear off in the distance.
And yet, this year...
Nyah.
Oh, God! Your tongue!
Do you know what's happened to it?!
It instantly turns into an cool color when you eat Blue Hawaii.
And you still chose to eat it?!
Yup!
Nyah! Nyah! Nyah!
That's enough already!
Ow... Wow...
The straps really did a number on your feet.
It must hurt to walk.
There's a convenience store nearby, so I'll buy some bandages.
It's fine.
It'd be a pain for you to have to go and come back.
But... Just take me with you.
Take you with me?
We're so high up!
I envy you! You get to see everything from all the way up here.
Sh-She smells so nice...
Gojo-kun! How tall are you?
A-A hundred and eighty....
Kitagawa-san! It's dangerous if you move too much!
Whoops, my bad.
Wow, I figured you were about that tall.
The last part of the fireworks was insane.
They were very beautiful.
It's kinda hilarious that you can't see them well, from all the smoke.
I never knew it'd end up like that.
I'm really glad I came.
Me, too! Or, well...
It kinda sucks that this happened at the end.
You're not used to wearing them, so it happens.
But, y'know,
when this kinda crap happens, it doesn't matter how much fun you were having.
Things get sorta "meh," right?
Sorry about this, Gojo-kun.
I promise I'll be more careful next year.
Next year, too?
Next year, let's go to Iwatsuki's fireworks festival, too.
Yes, let's go.
Actually, why don't we just hit up all the fireworks festivals in the Kanto region?
Really? Do you think we can actually do it?
Anything is possible if you try.
Not that I'd know.
I guess I'll call it a night.
Kitagawa-san? Is everything okay?
Gojo-kun... What were you doing right now?
I was about to go to bed.
It's pretty late. Did something happen?
Well... Not exactly...
I-I just wanted to hear your voice...
I'm way too scared to sleep right now!
On-Den: One Malicious Call 2
I ended up watching "On-Den 2"... Ah, the sequel.
But didn't you say the other day that it wasn't scary?
Well, last time, you were with me, so I was mostly fine,
But I just can't by myself right now!
I'm scared to death at the littlest sounds!
I'd drop dead if someone was behind me, so I've been keeping my eyes open.
I even washed my hair with my eyes open!
What? But I'm sure no one's there.
That movie's fiction, after all.
You don't know that! Maybe it's based on a real story that actually happened!
What if it's true?! What if I got a voicemail?!
I seriously can't right now!
It's super scary because it's a horror movie dealing with smartphones!
I'm losing my mind right now!
Gojo-kun.
It doesn't have to be for long, but just keep talking to me.
You can even put it on speaker and doze off on me!
A-All right.
So, yeah...
Summer Vacation Homework Isn't Nowa super strong?
That girl is insane.
I had no idea Sugaya-san was like that.
Maybe I'm not so scared now.
Thanks, Gojo-kun.
Well, I'm glad...
Man, I guess school's starting back up tomorrow.
Summer vacation was way too short.
I have so much more that I wanna do.
I wanna watch "PrezHost" again, and I wanted to work more...
And cosplay!
I wish we could've gone to at least one more cosplay event.
There's seriously not enough time in a day.
Marin Kitagawa Right... I... I...
Sounds like he's about to pass out.
This year was really fun...
Yeah.
We did a lot together this year...
and it was a lot of fun.
Gojo-kun...
I love you.
My dude's out like a light. What was even the point?
Guess I'll sleep, too.
I'll talk to you later, Gojo-kun.
Wakana Gojo
Goodnight.
See you later.